Hello and welcome to this art tutorial.
Previously we implemented the kernel as VM in Python and now we're going to do it on our.
So for those of you who haven't checked the Python tutorials and Colonel SVM I can't wait to show you
the results.
It's going to be something you'll definitely see how the kernel as class very you can be a powerful
classifier especially in our situation where the data set is not linearly separable.
Here you are going to see how it can manage to overcome this nonlinear inseparability and classify most
of our users of the social network correctly.
So let's make this kernel SVM classify right now and quickly look at the results.
So as usual we are going to start by setting a working directory.
So right now I'm on my desktop and going to my machinery folder.
Part 3 classification section kernel as VM.
And here we are make sure that you have the social network at you find your folder and if that's the
case you're ready to click on this more button here to set your folder as working directory.
Here is all good.
And now let's start making our model.
So we made an awesome classification template in the logistic regression section.
So we're going to use it.
So here we're going to take everything from here to the end.
Copy this and simply paste it in the kernel as we have our file.
And now what we only need to do is to create or classify here because the template is made in such a
way to make your machine learning experience as efficient as possible.
So we're not going to create it.
Now first we're going to you know select all the data preprocessing first step to preprocess the data
.
So we're going to press command and control and to execute and all good as you can see the code executed
properly.
Now we can have a quick look at the data set the training set and the test set.
So we can see that we have 400 observations in a dataset 300 that were selected to go to the training
set and 100 selected to go to the test.
That's because of our 0.75 split ratio here.
And quick reminder this dataset is about a social network that contains information about users in a
social network.
So we have their age the estimated salary and the last column tells.
If yes or no the user bought a product of a business kind of the social network which is a car company
.
So this car company put ads on the social network and the social network gathered those informations
to see the users reaction.
And so zero means here that the user didn't buy the SUV and one here means that the user bought the
SUV.
And our goal now is to make a classifier that classifies those users into two categories the category
of users that didn't buy the SUV and that category of users that bought the SUV.
So let's do this let's do it with Colonel SVM.
And so right now we need to create our classifier.
And as usual it's going to be very intuitive and simple.
We're going to use the best library for this.
And besides if you watched SVM tutorials you're going to see that we're using the same library and the
same function we all just need to change some parameters.
So let's do this.
For those of you who didn't follow the SVM tutorials you need to install the package so to do this you
type this command install the packages and in parenthesis and quotes he turned 71.
So that's the most popular package for as the EMS.
Another very popular package is current lab.
You can play around and check it out.
It's actually quite simple it's kind of the same function only with slightly different parameters to
input.
It's also a great package for as VAMC.
But here we're going to use it in 71 which is one of the most popular packages.
And so that's for you guys who you know if you go to your packages list here and if you go to 10 71
you can see that I have this package installed on my back it just might not be the case for use.
That's why I'm adding this line here in case you don't have the package installed on your packages and
are.
So I won't do it right now you just need to select this line and execute and it will install the package
very quickly.
So I'm just going to put that in comment.
I just press the command shift policy and now we need to do another important thing about this library
is to you know type come in library and then in parenthesis is the name not in quotes of the library
.
Turn 71.
OK.
And we need to add this line is a very important case.
We have some automated scripts that you know make some kernel as we morals today.
So imagine you have a workflow and you want to include the kernel as VM model and this workflow Well
you will need some automated scripts.
So it's important to add this time because this will automatically select your library because as you
can see here it's not selected that means it's not imported in some way.
So you need this line that will automatically select this package.
OK.
And now we are ready to create our classifier.
So it's going to be the same as for as SVM which is actually a nice VM with the Linux kernel here we're
not going to use or let our KNOW we going to use something else which will be the Galchen kernel.
So let's do this.
We're going to call our classifier as usual gasifier and that equal.
And then here we are going to use the as V.M. function of the events of any one library and now we need
to import the barometer.
So as usual let's have a look.
Here it is.
And now click on this.
And here we are in the our documentation for SVM ETN 71.
OK so let's have a look at the arguments.
The first argument is formula.
So as far as you it's going to be purchased till the end then a point and the point represents all the
independent variables.
So we know this then data.
OK so yes you need to specify the data because you want to specify the data set on which you want to
train your kernel as VM model.
So we need to specify data equals training set because we are training a model in the training set then
X Y and scale are not important here.
What's really important are the type and the kernel.
So the type is whether you want to make a regression model that is as V.M. for regression that is as
we are that we saw in the regression part or as we infer classification which is the common way of seeing
as V.
So you will need to specify the C classification type which is the default type for classification for
SVM.
Remember the as we are we chose EPM regression that was the default type for regression for SVM.
But here we are in classifications who will choose this see classification type and then the most important
is the kernel.
Here we jumped to a higher level.
We are making a more sophisticated SVM than the SBM we did in the previous section which was a linear
our kernel as V.M..
But now we want to go pro and we are choosing Galchen as V.M. which you will see make a terrific job
at classifying new users in the social network because remember the kernel as VM was then they are which
made our SVM model a linear our classifier and therefore the separator separating the two classes of
users was a straight line here and therefore couldn't catch the users here.
That made our dataset nonlinearly separable.
So here we're going to choose the gouging kernel which is going to be the radial basis kernel.
Actually we're not going to write radial basis we're just going to write radio.
That's how it works.
But the Galchen kernel is radio.
Actually you can see the formula here.
Carroll gave you the formula of the caching kernel and here it is.
OK so now let's jump back to our code and let's implement this.
I guess I remember the first argument was formula and then here we have to first take the dependent
variable which is purchase.
No if you go back to her data set this is the depend variable and this is purchased then till that which
is out and on and then a dot to take all the independent variables are trainset.
That is we're taking age and estimated sorry.
All right then come up to go to the next argument enter and then the second argument.
So the second argument I remember it was data equals the trainset again then the next parameter What
was it was type type equals C classification actually we don't really need to input the type here because
it's the default type.
But let's specify this to make the distinction between as V.M. for regression as we are and as VM for
classification kernel is V.M. here.
And then of course we will add the essential parameter for this section kernel VM which is of course
kernel and that's where we pick our more sophisticated kernel which is the gaussian kernel call here
radio.
All right.
And now our classifier is ready so let's immediately select this and perfect our classifier classifiers
now built.
So now let's use it to predict the test results that we're going to select.
This line simply and press command and control press enter to execute.
And here is our white press.
Let's have a look.
Why Fred we type right here in the console press enter.
And here we have all the predictions for the test set.
So there are 100 predictions so let's have a look at the first one.
So we need to compare this why prend which is the vector of predictions with the true results of the
observations for true results whether they.
But yes or no.
The SUV and for this we need to go to the test here to check it out.
So let's see one two three four and five users didn't buy the SUV.
In reality and our predictor predicted that these same five users didn't buy the SUV.
So that's some correct predictions.
It's a very good start.
And if we look at the next observation we have one here one here one here one here.
So that makes the eight first predictions correct predictions.
And here we have our first mistake our first incorrect predictions because for the user number 22 our
class value predicts that this user wouldn't buy the SUV.
And in reality it did.
If you look at the number 22 we can see that we have a one here which means that this user bought the
SUV.
OK so but the best way to look at these predictions is to use the confusion matrix.
So let's do this.
The section is here already we don't have to change anything.
The template is there to ease all work.
So let's to like design that's command and control press enter to execute.
And here we have our matrix.
So we're going to look at it in the console so see I'm here enter.
And here is the matrix.
OK.
So what we have here we have 58 plus 32 equals 90 correct predictions and four plus six equals 10 incorrect
predictions.
So that's not too bad.
But now the most exciting part is coming because we're going to be visualizing the training set results
and actually right now we don't have to change anything except maybe the title here classifier and then
here you need to specify kernel as VM kernel as VM as well as here in the test set.
So Colonel as we and as well.
All right.
Now we can get some coffee and just execute this and watch the results.
So we're going to do this.
We're going to first look at the results here and press them into controllers and to execute
and wow these are the beautiful results of Colonel SVM.
We can see how it's making this curve here to classify.
Well most of the users and the social network here since we have a two dimensional space here for data
sets that means that the data was mapped to a three dimensional space.
And then on this dimensional space it managed to make the data linearly separable so that it can find
a linear or hyperplane that separates in a much better way the two classes and then projected back to
this two dimensional space to finally obtain this curve here that separates in a much better way the
two classes than a linear class or you would do with a straight line here.
As we saw for logistic regression or SVM as we end with the linear kernel.
So that's what happened that's what happened behind the scenes the kernel lesbian did an amazing job
so we can say contrats OK.
So for those of you who are seeing this for the first time I'll just quickly remind what it is the points
here are the true observations the true results.
So the red points are the users who didn't buy the SUV in reality and the green points are the users
who bought the SUV and then the regions that we see here are the prediction region.
So the red region is the region where our model predicts that the user doesn't buy the SUV and the green
region is the one where our model predicts that the use of bias is.
So for example that means that for this particular user red point which is in the green region that
makes an incorrect prediction because the truth is the user didn't buy it yesterday.
But since this user is in the green region that means that the model predicted that this user bought
the SUV even if that's not what happened in real life.
So that's why the graph is about.
And here is the nonlinear separator of the kernel as VM algorithm.
And thanks to this non-linear separator our kernel as VM could classify correctly those users here which
wasn't the case for the linear sequiturs because since we had the straight lines it couldn't catch these
users in the right Kagami.
That is the green category because those users actually bought the SUV in real life so they should be
in the green region.
And this wasn't the case for the linear separator and that was the case for the kernel as VM separator
because it's a non-linear classifier.
Perfect.
Now let's have a look at the test results to see how our model behaves on new observations to see if
it can still classified and predict the results of new observations.
So we're going to do this we only have to select this press command control us and to to execute.
And here are the test results.
OK.
That looks great as well.
First an important thing to understand is that the reagents that we see here are the same regions as
we saw in the data set.
If you go back to the train set and then go back to the descent you can see that the regions here don't
change only the observation points change because of course these are new observation points.
And so here we can see that the Colonel as you said did an amazing job at classifying new observations
because all these tested observations here other users who didn't buy the SUV because the points are
red and they are in the red region that is the region where classified predicts that the users don't
buy the SUV.
So that's correct predictions.
Same for these guys here all the green points that fall in the green region.
And of course we have those incorrect predictions which are for example this green user here who is
in the red region as well.
Those two green here is that three.
Then we have the red users this one this one.
So four five six seven eight nine and actually 10 we can see that there is a little green point here
hiding behind the red point.
OK.
So that's definitely a very good job.
You will see how the next classifiers will make a different style of classification of separation.
You will see that there won't be a curve.
It will be something else and I will let you find out about the surprise.
But definitely the kernel as VM is a great classifier when your data is not linearly separable and we
can see how it definitely improved the results of the linear transfers that we saw with the logistic
regression as well.
All right so thank you for watching this tutorial about Colonel SVM.
I hope you enjoyed it.
There will be a few more surprises with the next guest first as I told you so you're going to see the
results going to be pretty fun.
And so I look forward to seeing you in the next sections and tell them enjoy machine learning